[docs] Update customization/components and customization/global pages (#24016)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/customization/globals/globals.md

# Globals

<p class="description">With the `theme.components` key you can customize the appearance of all instances of a component; change the default value(s) of a component's props; and add custom variants to your components.</p>

## Default props

> You can change the default props of every Material-UI component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the default of every prop of a Material-UI component.
```

A `defaultProps` key is exposed in the theme's `components` key for this use case.

```js
const theme = createMuiTheme({
  components: {

>     // Name of the component ⚛️

Reviewer: What's the asterisk for?

Reviewer 2: It was supposed to render as ⚛️ but it doesn't seem to be visible enough

<img width="226" alt="Capture d’écran 2020-12-19 à 00 30 12" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3165635/102672549-60800c80-4191-11eb-9287-c017fb260a4c.png">

```suggestion
    // Name of the component
```

    MuiButtonBase: {
      defaultProps: {
        // The props to change the default for.
        disableRipple: true, // No more ripple!
      },
    },
  },
});
```

{{"demo": "pages/customization/globals/DefaultProps.js"}}

To override lab component styles with TypeScript, check [this page](/components/about-the-lab/#typescript).

## Theme variables

Another way to override the look of all component instances is to adjust the [theme configuration variables](/customization/theming/#theme-configuration-variables).

```jsx
const theme = createMuiTheme({
  typography: {
    button: {
      fontSize: '1rem',
    },
  },
});
```

{{"demo": "pages/customization/globals/ThemeVariables.js"}}

## Global CSS override

Components expose [global class names](/styles/advanced/#with-material-ui-core) to enable customization with CSS.

> This is very similar to how you would customize Bootstrap.

Reviewer: Assumes familiarity with bootstrap. Is that a given any more?

Author: Removed

```jsx
const GlobalCss = withStyles({
  // @global is handled by jss-plugin-global.
  '@global': {

>     // You should target [class*="MuiButton-root"] instead if you nest themes.

Reviewer: What is `class*`? And what do the brackets indicate?

Reviewer 2: `[attribute*="value"]` is a CSS selector. We can update it with v5
```suggestion
    // You should target .MuiButton-root instead if you nest themes.
```

Author: Correct, let me update this example

# Globals

> <p class="description">The `theme.components` key enables you to customize the appearance of all instances of a component type, enables you to change the default value(s) of a component's props and allows you to add custom variants to your components.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">With the `theme.components` key you can customize the appearance of all instances of a component; change the default value(s) of a component's props; and add custom variants to your components.</p>
```

## Default props

> You can change the default props of all the Material-UI components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the default props of every Material-UI component.
```

> A `defaultProps` key is exposed in the `theme`'s components key for this use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `defaultProps` key is exposed in the theme's `components` key for this use case.
```
Too many keys?

```js
const theme = createMuiTheme({
  components: {
    // Name of the component ⚛️
    MuiButtonBase: {
      defaultProps: {

>         // The default props to change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // The props to change the default for.
```
(The name is backwards  – blame React!)

>         disableRipple: true, // No more ripple, on the whole application 💣!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        disableRipple: true, // No more ripple!
```

      },
    },
  },
});
```

{{"demo": "pages/customization/globals/DefaultProps.js"}}

> To override lab components styles with TypeScript, check [this documentation](/components/about-the-lab/#typescript).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override lab component styles with TypeScript, check [this page](/components/about-the-lab/#typescript).
```

## Theme variables

> You can adjust the [theme configuration variables](/customization/theming/#theme-configuration-variables).

Reviewer: This sentence seems incomplete.

Author: ```suggestion
Another way to override the look of all component instances is to adjust the [theme configuration variables](/customization/theming/#theme-configuration-variables).
```

Author: Updated

```jsx
const theme = createMuiTheme({
  typography: {
    button: {
      fontSize: '1rem',
    },
  },
});
```

{{"demo": "pages/customization/globals/ThemeVariables.js"}}

## Global CSS override

> You can also customize all instances of a component with CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Components expose [global class names](/styles/advanced/#with-material-ui-core) to enable this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components expose [global class names](/styles/advanced/#with-material-ui-core) to enable customization with CSS.
```

> It's very similar to how you would customize Bootstrap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is very similar to how you would customize Bootstrap.
```
(Not too keen on this sentence - it's based on (outdated) assumed knowledge.)

);
```

{{"demo": "pages/customization/globals/GlobalCssOverride.js", "iframe": true, "height": 100}}

## Global theme override

> You can use the theme's `overrides` key  to potentially change every single style injected by Material-UI into the DOM.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the theme's `styleOverrides` key  to potentially change every single style injected by Material-UI into the DOM.
```

Learn more about it in the [themes section](/customization/globals/#css) of the documentation.

```jsx
const theme = createMuiTheme({
  components: {
    // Style sheet name ⚛️
    MuiButton: {
      styleOverrides: {
        // Name of the rule
        root: {
          // Some CSS
          fontSize: '1rem',
        },
      },
    },
  },
});
```

{{"demo": "pages/customization/globals/GlobalThemeOverride.js"}}

The list of each component's classes is documented under the **CSS** section of each component's API page.

To override a lab component's styles with TypeScript, check [this documentation](/components/about-the-lab/#typescript).

## Adding new component variants

> You can use the `variants` key in the theme's components section to add new variants to Material-UI components. These new variants can specify what styles the component should have when specific props are applied together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `variants` key in the theme's `components` section to add new variants to Material-UI components. These new variants can specify what styles the component should have when specific props are applied together.
```

> The definitions are specified in an array, under the component's name. For each of them a class is added in the HTML `<head>`. The order is important, so make sure that the styles that should win are specified last.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The definitions are specified in an array, under the component's name. For each of them a CSS class is added to the HTML `<head>`. The order is important, so make sure that the styles that should win are specified last.
```

);
```

{{"demo": "pages/customization/globals/GlobalCssOverride.js", "iframe": true, "height": 100}}

## Global theme override

You can take advantage of the `overrides` key of the `theme` to potentially change every single style injected by Material-UI into the DOM.
Learn more about it in the [themes section](/customization/globals/#css) of the documentation.

```jsx
const theme = createMuiTheme({
  components: {
    // Style sheet name ⚛️
    MuiButton: {
      styleOverrides: {
        // Name of the rule
        root: {
          // Some CSS
          fontSize: '1rem',
        },
      },
    },
  },
});
```

{{"demo": "pages/customization/globals/GlobalThemeOverride.js"}}

The list of these customization points for each component is documented under the **Component API** section.

> For instance, you can have a look at the [Button](/api/button/#css).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> To override lab components styles with TypeScript, check [this documentation](/components/about-the-lab/#typescript).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override a lab component's styles with TypeScript, check [this documentation](/components/about-the-lab/#typescript).
```

## Adding new component variants

You can take advantage of the `variants` key in the `theme`'s components section to add new variants to Material-UI components. These new variants, can specify which styles the component should have, if specific props are defined together.

> The definitions are specified in an array, under the component's name. For every one of them a class is added in the head. The order is **important**, so make sure that the styles that should win will be specified lastly.

Author: The structure is 

```jsx
const theme = createMuiTheme({
  components: {
    MuiButton: {
      variants: [],
    }
  }
}).
```

So I guess it means that they are defined under the `MuiButton`
